# Summary
Rossmann operates over 3000 drug stores in 7 Europeon countries. Currently rossmann store manager are tasked with predicting their daily sales for upto six weeks in advance. Store sales are influenced by many factors including promotions, competiton, school and state holiday, seasonality and locality. With thousands of managers predicting sales based on their unique circumstances, the accuracy of result can be quite varied. I am provided with historical sales data for 1115 Rossmann stores. My task is to forcast sales columns for the test set. I am provided with two datasets Rossmann_df and store_df first of all I will read the dataset and try to understand the datasets, then I will check some basic informations like missing values, what all the columns are, descriptions of the dataset. then I will perform data wrangling after that I will visualize some important charts and try to understand them. Then I will handle missing values and outliers. After that I will merge the dataset do feature engineering and also data encoding. Next splitting the dataset for train and test purpose, after that I will do dimention reduction, data transformation and normalization/standardization. Then I will apply for machine learning algorithm, predicting the data and also evaluate the model. At last I will have to make some conclusion about the project.
# Problem Statement :
Sales prediction is extremely important for any business as it forcast the sales for the clients who want to stock some product for future. I have two dataset for this project 'Rossmann Stores Data.csv' and 'store.csv'. 'Rossmann Stores Data.csv' has 1017209 rows and 9 columns and 'store.csv' has 1115 rows and 10 columns. I have to do data analysis first for both the datasets and then merge the data after merging the data my task is to apply machine learning regression algorithm to predict the salling price.
